Add to /secure, add maudn as an author (#5379)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/secure/security-headers/index.md

---
layout: post
title: Security headers quick reference

> subhead: Learn or look up security headers quickly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subhead: Learn more about headers that can keep your site safe and quickly look up the most important details
```
